This is a head-gum original.
Welcome to the first time in the second time.
We're coming in with a lot of mismatched energy today.
We've also got some segments here that are going to be polarizing for sure.
But let's just all introduce ourselves for the audio listeners and then we'll get on
with this shit.
Let's start with Joel.
The name is Joel.
Moving on.
Marika.
My name is Marika.
Brad.
It's going to be.
I'm Brad.
I'm mad at you.
Why?
Because we didn't climb.
You fucking ghosted me.
You're sick.
Just focus on being sick.
It's by the way.
Focus on being sick.
Focus on Jeff ghosting you.
Yeah.
You didn't even fucking text me back.
I was packing.
I don't care.
So let's try to go to Gabriel.
I didn't know that.
You told me the week before that you were going to be around and that you would go climb with me.
I was a builder.
We were supposed to go bouldering.
All right.
I think Jeff was scared.
Yes.
Brad's really good at climbing.
I haven't climbed for like two months.
Right?
So I'm not going to do well.
I have something to say about this.
Yeah.
Revenge is a dish best served bouldering.
That's awful.
Joel.
You said that was really really.
I really like no.
He said he said that's one liner.
I said Joel during.
And that's gold.
Joel.
Yeah.
Now.
Can I be better than I ghosted you?
But I might come to Portland.
I don't care.
Why?
What do you mean why?
You know what?
Don't come to Portland.
You're not welcome.
You know why don't we keep Portland clear of your views.
No, seriously though.
Fuck you.
I am sorry.
I've been known to ghosts.
Not women.
I usually will have a specific.
Sorry.
I might stug just me.
I've been known to ghosts.
Scar Joe.
You call in.
Just did me.
That was good.
We've a lot to get to.
Do you guys have any bullshit?
You want to get out of the way first before we get to the good stuff?
I might edit it this out.
I guess not.
I want people to know.
Spent the last hour.
China.
Think of a good one line or about climbing.
And it is all billable.
Joe, can we talk about the the stuffed animals that are on the bed behind you?
Yeah, what you got.
But let's not actually.
Are you in Philadelphia?
Because yeah, you're in like a gaming chair.
Next to like a 2010 dole.
I'm not in Philadelphia.
Don't worry about it.
You're in Manila.
There's a fight going on tonight.
Like like a UFC or boxing fight or like a thriller.
Somebody from UFC follows a bunch of headgun people.
I want to shout him out of he's listening to this.
I don't remember his name, but you know who you are.
Thanks for listening and please don't hurt me.
Right.
Well, I feel you see fighters.
I'm coming in with this Friday feeling.
Did you see fighters don't like just hurt people.
Willy and Ellie you'd have to go into the ring.
What do you think we should.
I think we should do.
I think we should do a Logan Paul S.
Oh my god.
You win a mirror or you.
Yeah, Brad goes first.
You like really.
You would beat him up for sure.
I'm sorry.
He's the one for the final punch.
Yeah.
You'll be a ghost.
It's come to this.
It's been 150 fucking episodes before somebody threatened me with physical violence.
Yeah, that can't be true.
Me.
Definitely not true.
Well, I'm here.
Said he wants to kill me or that he wants me to die.
But not by his hand.
Yeah.
He's finished.
Not by his hand.
You probably pay someone else to do it.
Like who Brad?
Maybe.
That was part of the job description.
That would include any one of the top brass of head gum paying Brad.
Which has yet to happen.
We should say.
This isn't.
He doesn't get paid for his job.
No, well, he was texting me before I goes to them that he hasn't had any paystubs.
He's only had pay snubs, which is like he sends in an invoice and he's also like he was
holding Jim goes.
That's good.
I forgive you.
No.
That's not what should have made that happen.
When you come to Portland, stay with me.
That's no, it's not going to be right.
Don't go.
I stay with your ass.
My door.
My door is open to you.
I want to stay at the Ace Hotel.
I want it to be good.
I won't.
Bye.
Staying at the Ace Hotel.
If head gum will allow.
That's a Bonnie Vera reference for all my.
Mail manipulators.
What?
Why are you coming to Portland?
We're going to do a head gum podcast tour.
I mean, let's fucking announce it right now, right?
It's not.
Really?
No, I thought we were doing 20 dates.
We're going to tap the year.
Not the south.
Yeah.
Because the west south by southeast.
And in Miami.
Yeah.
We're doing.
I don't want to announce the two soon.
And I'll believe this all out of it's not true.
But I think we're doing L.A.
Big Sur San Francisco Portland Seattle.
Bangor Maine.
Boston.
We go all the way over to Bangor Maine.
It's sort of up the west coast.
Cross country to the Northeast.
Down to me.
The Seattle.
We make it.
We make it to Miami.
I want to say December.
Oregon Trail style.
Yeah.
We're traveling by spring buggy.
I'll come to Portland and Seattle.
We're doing a series of one-offs in the middle of nowhere.
So I think we're doing.
What is it?
Bethel, New York, Woodstock style.
We're doing sugar and falso, high-o-proper.
That's the home show.
And then we're doing Wichita back to Bangor and then home again.
Home being New York.
Did I pitch on the podcast?
The idea that I had where I just thought we should do.
Like we should rent a van, like a full tour bus.
And then just do live shows out of the tour bus and like parking lots.
You did.
And I think that's a really good idea.
The issue is like, it has to be you, me, a mirror, and then a fourth.
Right.
And then he's not going to want to do that.
You don't know.
You never know what's up with him.
Vincent Castle is my bond week.
He's a French actor.
There's like a blockbuster movie that I saw a bunch of ads for in Palorie.
And he's the fucking star of the shit, right?
And so I don't know.
He looked kind of zaddy.
And I wonder if it's if we're ready for a French daddy in terms of bond.
So it would be like instead of dended in and you know, with an electric guitar,
it would be an accordion.
And an accordion.
Joel, that's for you playing accordion with your knee.
Yes, exactly.
Good one, Joel.
I said, Joel, help me out.
And he actually did immediately.
He saved that.
What do you guys got?
What do you want to?
Forget bond of the week.
Let's just do plugs.
No, I want to do fun.
Like.
My bond of the week is going to.
I'm just going to go.
Winnie the Poo.
I think that's it.
I have a little Winnie the Poo.
That's stuck to my mic arm.
So proud of it.
I'm stuck between Lil Dickie and Donald Duck.
No, Pam.
Dave Bond.
I.
Well, I think I've said.
I think I've actually said Dave bird before.
All right.
We'll go.
We'll go Donald Duck then.
It's time for a bond that lives in a pond.
I don't think.
I don't think bond is hung.
I don't think he swings that thing.
I think that.
Because you know what I mean?
Like he hasn't had a.
Yeah.
He hasn't.
He hasn't fucked somebody more than once.
The entire fucking franchise until this last movie.
And then he died, which is obviously Lil Dick energy.
Spoilers.
Well, spoilers for not two years.
He dies in the last one.
And I think that's Lil Dick energy.
I don't think.
I just feel like.
Not to not to once again.
Bring up casino royals ball torture scene.
But I feel like.
He there must have been something to hit.
It was so I'm not saying he doesn't have a dick.
I'm not saying he's a unique.
I'm saying his dick isn't thick.
I'm saying that in that scene he would have only been able to withstand that pain.
If he doesn't have a lot when he gets erect to gain, right?
Like not that many inches.
I'm not saying something.
I'm girthy.
I'm not.
Maybe that's where the confusion's coming in.
I'm just saying that lengthwise he's not hitting anybody's cervix.
The fuck is wrong with you guys.
I'm going to go with the wrong one here.
The fuck is wrong with you.
Milk.
Lemonade.
Murray and 20.
That's pretty good as bond.
That's pretty good.
Let that me cake the remake.
I know that like historically she was talking about not even actual cake.
She was talking about like bread.
But what if she was talking about like, yeah, a rimming.
Yeah, I mean that's true.
That's sort of an unlimited resource.
Like there's no way society could run out of nasty.
I remember one to export in France.
Yeah, I don't know.
All right.
Should we re-examine our relationship with work?
Because I was actually reading this article about work ism.
Right.
Which is.
Predominantly American belief that work can provide everything that we have historically expected from like organized religion, right?
Community, meaning self-actualization, et cetera.
Versus Europeans and I would know because I just didn't.
Gay pretty that they don't really value work as much because they historically were like working class, you know, under a monarchy.
And you know, they kind of shed their belief that they could ever be king a while back.
And so now they are just sort of a unified working class that sort of protects the simple pleasures they have, right?
cigarettes, record, right?
There's not much more to it than having Sundays off for sure.
And a retirement age that should still be 62, but things to Macron's white ass.
It's now 64.
And I did partake in a protest.
What about what I just said was an interesting enough to respond to?
Come on.
I came in with something kind of interesting to talk about.
Brad's Mike is muted, right?
Joe's just smiling, which I do appreciate the smile.
Because it makes me feel joy.
Really unmuted.
Marika?
I just don't know what you said.
Yeah.
And it's entirety.
I actually think it's a great point.
And I agree of all heartedly.
It sounds like what you're saying is we should go back to being really religious.
And that's what you're agree with all heartedly.
It is Easter weekend we should say.
This is good Friday for those who celebrate.
I do not.
But I think it's going to be a good Friday.
But I think a lot of people should.
And that they should get more into being devout.
I think that we should be devout in protecting the ability to eat a two hour lunch during the work day.
Yeah.
A power lunch.
Raise your hand if you've ever girded your loins on Lamoyne.
What?
What do you mean what?
I thought that a mirror would be on this episode.
That's a very local Los Angeles reference.
Joe's in fucking where are you?
The mall divs.
Marika's in.
Let's say it.
And Brad's.
Shitting all over Portland.
Not letting it stay weird.
I was just an L.A.
Not on Lamoyne.
You were a local friend with Marty.
I was staying with Marty.
Very good.
I went to La Falmasi Duvae.
I love La Falmasi Duvae.
Yeah.
I'm a part one.
They're wine club.
We could be together.
Let me ask you this.
You shut the fuck up.
Joel, how are you doing?
I'm fine.
I feel like I'm sort of in the middle of something now.
I don't think so.
I think it's kind of like a like.
So mad.
Like right.
The cat energy.
Like if you if you don't move.
Or ignore you sort of thing.
It's like when it's pressing.
Scratching is tummy.
Hello.
The question was.
Raise your hand.
If you've ever done it.
You've never heard of it.
You've never heard of your loins on the street.
Called the Moin and Echo Park.
Oh, I actually did do that when it was there.
Everybody's talking about this Trump indictment.
You know who I'd like to indict.
Brad.
For me.
It doesn't matter.
It doesn't matter because you know what.
He lands an L.A.
And he gives himself up.
He guards his loins.
He gives himself up as I mean, like he's spread.
Is it something I said or done to make you guys just really love?
Yeah.
Can we get to the polarizing segments of planned?
Well, we have to take ad breaks before we do that.
Actually, I just canceled all the ads on the show.
Yeah.
You guys haven't been doing a good job selling this shit.
All right.
I do great ad reads.
You do do great ad reads.
Yeah.
It's probably the best part of the show.
I was actually thinking you are like, you sort of uniquely suited for this.
Because so many brands are kind of like improving yourself.
That.
And you're like, it's only up.
Yeah.
You can only go sleep like shit.
My personal relationships are bad.
Here are some ways you can improve them.
It feels really genuine.
So maybe you're not good as a podcast host in the sense of the podcast being good.
But the ads are truly believable.
And the ads are what gets us the cash.
So that's ultimately what's important.
It's a really good selling.
You've become a worse host and a worse person.
You're actually more monetizable for the company.
That's legitimately how I'm going to sell this show from now on.
Yeah.
I think you should.
How does it feel to make a round man said?
You don't look sad.
This show is sponsored by Better Help.
Guys, getting to know yourself can be a lifelong process.
Right?
It's all a journey.
The other day, I realized that when I have nothing to do when I have idle hands and only
time on my schedule, I'm really anxious.
If anything, I'm maybe more anxious than when I'm busy because I'm like shit, like
Did I not respond to somebody?
Is somebody mad at me?
Is there something I need to be doing?
Versus when I'm busy?
I'm just focusing on the task at hand.
And ironically, I'm more present.
Right?
And so that's something that's useful for me to know.
And useful to talk about in therapy.
And that's where Better Help comes in.
Because Better Help connects you with a licensed therapist.
You can take you on that journey of self-discovery from wherever you are.
If you're thinking of starting therapy, give Better Help a try.
I'm in therapy every week and it really helps me along my personal growth journey.
Can't recommend it enough.
If you guys have access to it, which Better Help makes it easier for you should
Absolutely give it a try.
It's entirely online designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule.
Just feel out of brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch
therapist at any time for no additional charge if it's not working.
Discover your potential with Better Help.
Visit BetterHelp.com slash what's that today?
To get 10% off your first month.
Again, that's Better Help.
H-E-L-P dot com slash what's that?
Thanks, Better Help.
We're going to fuck up some rise.
Would you guys say that you've found your beach?
Meaning like Corona style, like have you found what brings you peace and joy?
Yeah.
Oh, the climbing.
Is that it?
No, it's not it.
That's one thing.
You're in a loving game for relationship.
Yeah, that spending time with friends, music, playing a music with friends, animals, spending time with animals.
Reality TV.
No, not so much.
Really?
Because it's next segment.
You're not going to get them.
Great.
Rica, have you found your beach?
Yeah, it's probably like sitting in a theater watching a play or a musical.
Joel.
My beach is domino park.
Domino park is right.
And a picnic blanket.
Are they going to say, my beach is this dull?
Yeah.
Have you guys seen Milk Manor?
No.
Well, I'm going to have a look at it.
Let's go to a clip here.
This is Milk Manor on TLC.
Cheers.
Oh, hey, guys.
I got a text.
Yeah, yeah.
Right.
Welcome to the villa.
Lisa and Ryan.
We have an activity plan that is sure to get you well acquainted with the other moms and sons.
Guys always think they know what you want in the bedroom.
Facts.
But you really.
Truth is, if anyone knows about sex, it's us ladies.
You have the age, wisdom, and experience.
And now we are giving you the opportunity to share that Carnal knowledge with your son.
No.
Oh.
That knowledge.
So that is basically what the show is.
It's these milfs, right?
And then their sons dating the other milfs in vice versa.
And so I thought we could play Milk Manor.
But instead of.
Mothers, I'd like to fuck.
It's Marika.
I'd like to fire, right?
So me, Brad and Joel are going to be the young studs.
And Marika, you're the milk.
But milk stands for Marika.
I'd like to fire.
So the three of us are going to basically try and like spit game at you.
But it's all how we would let you go without severance.
Does that make sense without severance?
Of course not.
Why would you get a severance package?
That's one of the knowledge.
Carnal.
Is the package.
Let's start with Joel.
Joel, you're a young stud on a Mexico Beach.
You sightle up to Marika.
And you have to break the news that she's no longer employed at gum.
What do you say?
Wait.
What?
As these.
As they so called young studs that are on a beach, I guess.
Sure.
You also, my boss, or you're just telling me.
You heard.
What about this is the green?
Right?
It's milk matter.
Milk standing for Marika.
I'd like to fire.
Joel is Joel at head gum.
I am me at this at 1099.
Brad and Brad at head gum.
But we are the young.
Yeah.
He all heard from the higher up.
The sea sweet made the choice.
And we just for some reason have to deliver the news at studs on a beach.
On a beach.
Got it.
Yeah.
Why not on the beach?
You could be, you know, at home for all I care.
The issue is.
I'll say, I'll say home.
Okay.
Joel, why don't you deliver the news?
How would you?
Marika.
Can I buy your peanut collada?
I don't know how that would work.
Simon home.
You could like deliver a peanut collada for my ass.
I thought you were coming to the office today and the office is the beach.
The office is the beach news to me.
Well, it that actually was your office.
But I'm sorry to say that we're going to need to let this birdy fly away.
Spread your wings and fly, Marika.
Just this shit hole and find something better.
Wow.
What?
Who are you pointing to?
You don't have any response?
You just got fired.
Yeah, but it was good.
Can I say no severance?
No, it's clear.
Saypany.
Theme.
Okay.
That was great, Joel.
Especially where you like tried to give it a saw.
You like you tried to soften it by like giving it this wing metaphor and then said,
Oh, yeah.
By the way, no severance.
Cutting her off.
It's sentence two.
Marika, if you were one of the milfs at milfman or but milf stands for Marika,
I'd like to fire.
How are you taking it from Joel there?
How are you taking that news?
I think I would be ultimately a little confused because the metaphor was a little rough
at first.
It was kind of just like this little birdie needs to spread its wings.
But it wasn't clear.
The birdie was and then one T said, and by the way, no severance.
Then it was clear.
I think I wouldn't handle it well.
But, you know, I'd probably ask for confirmation from somewhere else.
Yeah.
All right.
Brad.
Okay.
Hey, Marika.
I'm on a beach.
How's it going?
That's really fun.
Yeah.
I'm going to conference you in with Marty.
Jeff, you play Marty.
Okay.
Here's Marty.
Guys, you have no idea.
Oh man.
You're so sorry.
The cold drop.
Carl drop at Marty.
Sorry, Mary.
You.
You wanted me to let you know that you're fired, and there is no severance.
But I am sending you opinion you call out in the mail.
Oh, thank you.
It should be there next week.
FedEx tracking is updating.
It's just hanging pending.
So it might be melted.
Yeah, for sure.
We'll be.
Yeah, appreciate that sentiment.
Technically you're separate.
San Francisco.
Me too.
Penicol.
Joel says, by the way, he's on the beach.
Do you want to, do you want to talk to Joel?
No.
What I have to say is that somehow Brad's was worse than Joel's.
And Joel, like, went on about wings for half of the call.
Maria, what did you think about Brad's attempt?
I thought Brad's attempt was fine.
I thought it was a good idea to loop in Marty.
I just think that Marty was caught at a bad moment.
And it didn't reflect well upon.
OK.
But and compared to Joel's, which one would you have rather been told that your
ship can without several?
I think Brad's because I think like ultimately that would give me some love for
itch.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, I guess it's my turn.
Hello, Maria.
Hi.
Hey.
It's Jeff.
Yeah.
I don't know.
Anywho.
I'm going to beach.
Great.
And are you surfing?
I'm surfing the web to find articles.
On the beach.
On the beach physically, but the subject that the articles are on is how to let someone
go with grace.
That seems like a good step for you.
I feel like you need some sort of guidance when it comes to just like communicating with people
openly.
You're gone.
Sorry.
You're shit.
Without severance.
What are you saying?
I was talking about how you're bad at communicating with people.
No exit package.
And I am listening.
But no exit package.
You're listening to what?
What you're saying about.
I get that.
I need to communicate better.
Great.
But it is because of your performance and personality.
Does that make sense?
No.
Bottom line.
Why?
I don't think she's fired.
You didn't.
She's a nice person.
Yeah, but that could mean anything.
I think you have to say your mother fucking fired.
Ah.
How did you find go this bad?
I hit all morning to think about how I was going to do this.
Say, Fini.
What?
All right.
Which between the three did you like?
Like if you're going to get fired, which one would you want it to be?
Keep in mind you don't meet the longest.
So I don't want you to fire me.
You just didn't even have Joel in it.
Yeah.
That's true.
I got to go with Brad.
What?
I just think it was like a good type of chaos that at the end of the day.
I could probably come away from that meeting and be like, what's I actually fired?
And then just show up to work again.
And then people don't have the heart to tell you twice.
All right.
Well.
Yeah.
That's the end of the milk manner of the way I responded.
Who do you think would make the best contestant on the TV version of the show?
Had a head come?
I don't know.
Probably you.
Oh, no.
Oh, God.
Welcome to Spankt or Raw.
Go on.
Can we just take a minute to look at the gradient that I did in the background here?
Does that ring true to your guys' asses?
There's something wrong with his thumb.
Yeah.
Well, forget that the song.
I mean, the game.
Are you asking the background supposed to be about red and white?
Pink and white.
Gradient rings true to all of our asses.
This is the question that you're asking.
I'm just saying, yeah, I think the tone is somewhere in there.
The name of the game is Spankt or Raw.
Do you guys want to guess what this is?
No.
Brad.
I'm guessing that we're going to have to listen to soundbites of someone either getting spanked
or having unprotected sex.
That's maybe better than what I came up with.
Well, Joel, and he guesses Brad was wrong.
An image of a tfuchus that's either untouched or just that's also more fun already.
I love that word.
I thought of this game as I was walking the hallowed halls of the Louvre.
And that's not a joke.
I'm going to show you guys photos of 10 celebrities.
And you have to tell me whether you think they were spanked as children,
or if they weren't, which is what I call Raw.
So Brad, you thought of this in one of the most famous art museums.
Correct.
Okay.
Brad, do you spanked as a kid?
Yeah, I was.
Okay, so, okay, Marie, could we spank to the kid?
Yeah.
Joel, your shit.
Joel, are you spanked as a kid?
No.
Okay, so Joel is wrong.
Joel is someone I would call Raw.
Because you never got a kid.
We got the definition.
I'm just trying to make shit clear.
All right.
Which for some people is also the bonus of spanking.
Where do you spank to the kid?
I think like twice.
Do you want to talk about it?
Not really.
Okay.
Have you guys seen Oliver?
I'm going to see Oliver.
If I even pile some.
All right.
Let's just play spank to Raw.
Here we go.
Spank to Raw.
Raw.
Yeah, sure.
Got a rod.
When why is it?
Why is that?
Because of this, he's just so joy.
He's a liar.
I would be gone.
Exactly.
Like mine.
And Marie goes.
I really wanted Brad's response.
Like spank is a kid.
I'm still spank when I go home for Christmas.
Wow.
Right.
It's fine to have joy.
This is a fun light-hearted segment about child abuse.
Brad, don't go home for Christmas.
Spank to Raw.
Spank.
He's older.
Yeah.
He's from an older generation.
I think spanking him would hurt your own hands.
That's what I was going to say.
Shiled.
Do you guys see those photos of this guy when he was like 14?
He looks like a fucking 50 year old.
It was born with a rock hard ass.
That's why they call him the rock.
We don't rock hard abs.
They want rock hard ass.
His dad was a hard ass.
I honestly feel like it Joel had said that you guys would attract the fuck up.
It's just that you guys have this weird vendetta against everything I say.
Let's not wear it.
Spank to Raw.
Who is that?
He's very sirens.
Billy race.
No way.
Wait.
Is it really?
Yes.
That was damn cool.
He had something fun.
No, it's very good.
He was held in a well for a year.
For a spank.
He was definitely spanked.
We're going to take my ass to the old town road.
I'm going to get spanked by my own dad.
It's kind of funny that the biggest song of the last century was made by Billy Ray Cyrus.
I think Gangnam style sold more.
He was on the remix, Joel.
He didn't make it.
Should be clear.
Yeah.
It was a little nuts.
Spank to Raw.
Oh, spanked.
Spanked for sure.
And he still gets spanked.
I think you.
Yeah.
I'm with Joel.
Spanked by Fetty Waff.
No.
I think he should have been spanked.
I don't think he got spanked.
And I think that that's why he had the confidence to run for office.
And the confidence to have the show, honestly.
I agree that he should have been spanked.
And if you look at the sound wave length of the episode, you'll see that every time
I say something, there's like a three second pause where you all don't either don't know what
to say or don't care to respond.
Spank to Raw.
Who's that?
Good.
That's true.
I want to say.
This is hard.
Because she's a neppo baby, right?
Yeah.
And she was famous for a young age going to Hollywood.
I'm going to say Raw.
Yeah.
She didn't.
Her parents weren't present enough to spank her around.
Yeah.
Eventually she had to wait for some.
I know.
Yeah.
Right.
Oh, this is all subjective.
It's not a game.
It's also like.
I want to think that where my standard hit her child, you know.
You want to think that.
I said I don't want to think.
Oh, okay.
What database Joel would I have found the data on whether or not they got spanked?
It's all subjective.
It's all guesstimating.
I mean, the text and me and pile asking if we could get into the main frame and get that information for you.
The main frame.
Spank to Raw.
She changed.
I don't like looking at the queen.
I think spanked.
Look at how like there's not a lot of life behind her eyes.
Definitely not a lot of life behind her eyes.
Well, this was on this side.
She is dead.
Yeah.
Spanked or Raw.
Who's that?
Charlie Bunger.
It's like one of the richest guys ever and he's like 98.
And doesn't spend his money.
Spanked and definitely wearing a diaper in that photo.
Yeah.
Oh, good.
Holy shit.
Charlie needs a change.
And judging by the look on his face, it might be full.
He loves it.
He's proud of this.
His date.
So you think not only spanked as a kid, but also diapered as a kid and adult.
Yeah.
Spanked or Raw.
Raw.
Raw, right?
But spanked as an adult, maybe.
I think he really pays.
I think let me finish.
I think he's in the season to something weird.
But it might not be spanking.
What do you think it is?
Professional cuddling where, you know, you kind of pay somebody to cuddle you.
Uh, it could be the new fetish I heard about this week, which is the new.
New to me, I should say.
Uh, it's fin-dom plus chin-dom.
So you're getting extorted financially by your dentist.
And also they mess up your jawline.
Zachary front was into that, right?
Yeah.
That was fucked up.
Spanked or Raw.
Who is that?
That's the situation.
Oh.
Yeah.
Probably spanked.
Spanked.
Yep.
That was the most unanimous one so far.
Spanked or Raw.
Is that Mr. Beast?
Hmm.
I don't think so.
I mean, I think he has the confidence of someone who's never been sort of.
Yeah.
Should have been, though.
Bent over someone's knee.
Yeah.
Good segment.
It's interesting.
We were pretty aligned.
Um, I think that's not the only interesting thing that we learned from this segment.
We learned that Brad sort of had his cheeks red and as a child.
This is the kind of stuff I would have learned if we'd gone climbing Brad.
Yeah, I actually had a really good time at the climbing gym in LA too.
It's nice.
I like met some people hung out for a while.
Got some good food recommendations.
Me too.
And then I walked from the studio to a meba records.
Stop it a couple parks.
It was a nice day.
Got a cool rare record at a meba and never been there.
Brad, do you want to buy my speakers?
I have speakers.
And I'm going to share with you a Twitter, I guarantee it.
Audio, engine A five plus built in Bluetooth capabilities.
RCA input, ox input.
Ox input.
Sorry.
That's a selling point.
I don't fucking care.
I just trying to sell a bunch of shit.
I'm trying to sell.
Why?
Why are you trying to sell stuff?
I don't know.
I need cash.
I want to put some money into my fucking high yield savings account.
Joel knows what I'm talking about and I want to make sure that I don't have a lot of clutter, right?
Why do I need three rugs in a bedroom?
What is fine? It's a good question. Three rugs in one room. Well, well, so damn they're like the layered style, yeah
What else am I trying to sell? I'm trying to sell my tape deck
My not gonna meet you for 80. I'm trying to sell my grateful dead collect tape collection because I never listen to them
I'm trying to sell my moped
And uh, how long have you had it? The moment I've had it for like a year. Oh
I actually was supposed to sell it today. The guy didn't show. I also ghosted you
Sorry, I said he ghosted you. I heard you
Do you think I have this show so that people can come on here and say whatever the fuck they want to me? I have this show
So I sit on a throne, right? We shouldn't make you a throne for the
The live shows the live shows so you're confirming a tour you're confirming a tour in order to say
Big sir San Francisco can't we settle over to Bangor down the coast Boston, New York
Philly DC Charleston Charleston Charleston we're doing a residency there for a year and then we're gonna go down to Miyami
Pop that's gonna be the daddy theme episode, right? So it's only gonna be daddy's show so it's gonna be me Brad Joel Marika
Can we fly Joel out to Portland can we fly Brad out to Portland? I got a throne guy in Bangor
What
You want to first take
You brought a throne to the restaurant? Oh this yeah, I have a throne guy in Bangor. I got to go to the bathroom. Can you
Watch the throne while I'm gone
That was good
Yeah, I agree. I was trying to think of a King-correlated joke
PG as in Paris Jeff I bought this ring across the street from Jim Morrison's last residence on bouquet is street
Did you go visit his grave? No parallel shades was closed by the time I got my a's over there
sucks
Not really because I had a cigarette and french fries with a bottle of wine and did I mention a cronin bird
A pelth earth and uh oh yeah hot chocolate in the French fashion
I had the best whipped cream I've ever had in my entire life and I came on a velvet sofa
What's what's French for french fries?
They
You know pump pump free palm fleets, but nobody calls them palm fleets on menus. They call them they fleets fries
When you're at a fun column day stroke pub
No, they would not ordering you're not ordering you wouldn't just say fleets
Sure you would now you wouldn't do you take French? I literally grew up speaking French really yeah
In gay parier no in eastern Canada you would have noticed about it Montral
That's what you would have talked about if we gone climbing and I'm glad I didn't go
I don't want to hear about your childhood unless it's about honestly getting spanked
Plugs what do you guys got going on what do you want to point the people to let's skip Marieka because I feel like bread and jewelry only once you ever
You know have projects going on
Let's say I'm gonna plug the new
Is head-gump podcast exploration live they were great the live show New York
I've listened to about four of their episodes in last week
Everyone should check them out you can follow me on Instagram at Joelman done off the count is private
So again, it will be accepted on a case by case basis, but by all means
So don't plug it so don't plug it in front of 30,000 people
They can shoot their shot and we'll see what happens
Still waiting for that uh that follow back from Joel
Why are you waiting on that why aren't you sure it's never gonna happen?
Gosh guy can hope
Marieka I thought you were skipping me
Well, you said you had a project
When did I say that well you said it with your eyes when I said you didn't have any projects
Yeah, when I pulled out my phone to look at it
Follow me at Mariekalan on Twitter Instagram and letter box truly
Want to get those letter box to follow us
Listen to the pit wall listen to pit wall
That's all
And at Jeffrey James on Instagram. We'll see you guys again next week
What do you think what's good for Brad? Oh, don't scream. Yeah, don't smell he's he's used to skipping Brad. Let's turn
Yeah, I'm sorry. I am sorry
Believe it when I when I when I when I was gonna text you that I was sorry
But then I was like I saw that you were on this episode on the calendar
And I thought it'd be funny to see what your reaction would be if I didn't mention it at all until we came on the show
But instead it was just kind of you earnestly being sad which is worse being Brad
See I keep feeling bad and then you say shit like that and I'm just like feeling Brad
Follow me on Instagram and Brad the human and
And go go watch hive mind
It's like this show everyone goes at Jeff. Oh, actually I do have something to plug
This comes out April 14th on April 7th my wife's birthday
Wow happy birthday misses what is it the human
At Brad the human is that you're less than the human yeah
Merente human
More at the human everyone wish your happy birthday in the comments and now back to whatever Jeff has to say
Go ahead Monday night stay pro 17th tune into the neighborhood on CBS my television debut
Whoa
Let's get the fuck out of here and enjoy our weekends that's
ah
That was a hit gum original